Font Colour Experiment
======================

This project is an experiment for a first-year university research project. The actual design of the implementation and implementation itself was done by me. The experiment is based off the paper '`Kamollimsakul, S., Petrie, H., Power, C. (2014). The Effect of Text Color and Background Color on Skim Reading Webpages in Thai.`', and the semantics of this experiment were fleshed out by others in the project.

The experiment itself was studying how font and background colour effects how people read text on a screen. For the experiment, we used 3 different colours in a 1-2-3-3-2-1 order to reduce fatigue, and we changed the sample text each time to ensure that each colour was as equal as possible. After each text is shown, the time they took to read the text is stores, and questions are asked about the text they just read. The answers are sent back to the server and stored to be used to filter out participants that didn't read the text properly and possibly throw off our results. After all of the texts and questions have been shown, a set of final questions are shown to the user. The questions we asked were about how much the user liked each colour on a scale from 1-6, and the results were also stored to be used in the final paper.

## Server Solution

The server solution I designed and implemented uses ASP.NET Core for the back-end, Razer for the front-end design, and Typescript for the front-end functionality. The reason for ASP.NET Core is because it provides a very simple but very powerful system for handing back webpages or data, and as I was using MVC along with this, Razer was built-in. I decided to use Typescript for the front-end scripting simply because I am (mostly) a C# programmer (I know a variety of other languages, but C# is my faviourite for building projects in), and Typescript provides the functionality and static typing that I am used to and use regularly. I also used it because I haven't made a project using Typescript before, and I wanted to see how easy it was to implement a system using it (the answer is that it is very easy and I will be using it in future projects).

In the layout page, I added a link to the admin page, which is what we used to manage the experiment and user data. The admin page requires the browser to log on, and if the user attempts to go to the admin page without being logged on, they are redirected to the login page. The password is stored as a constant in the server, since we didn't need a complicated system. The admin page allows for new experiment data to be uploaded, the user data to be reset or downloaded, and allows the admin to logout. Besides this, it also shows all of the current experiment and user data in the server, as well as the current log. This is so that we could check to make sure that it is working properly and to see what the user data was like without needing to download it.

## Question Editor Solution

The server solution was designed to be editable without fully pushing a new version each time a question, text or colour needed to be edited. An so, I created a WPF application that can build up a question file that can be uploaded to the server and replace all of the experiment data. This file contains all of the colours, text samples, questions, final questions, and main page text of the experiment, and this editor can create, save and load this file. The application is not very complex, since it was only meant to be used by us to setup the experiment to what we needed, and so very little validation is included. If this application was needed by any more people, I would put more time and effort into it, by making it more robust and user-friendly.

# Hosting

Because we needed the server to be accessible by all the computers that we used, we needed somewhere to host it. Due to complexities with the university WiFi, running the server on my laptop wouldn't work, since we were unable to connect. However, I discovered that I could use Visual Studio's built in support for Microsoft Azure, and so I created an account and used a free hosting plan to host the server. This is what we used for the final experiment, however for the users, it made no difference, as it was just for our ease of use. It was hosted at <https://hacs-experiment-ld1042.azurewebsites.net>, however it is offline due to it not being used anymore.
